[MUSIC]
>> In module three, we're going to
extend what we've been talking about.
We've been talking about using
Raspberry Pi and networking it.
Communication on the network.
We're going to extend that,
and we're going to talk about how to use
the Raspberry Pi to communicate with
more sophisticated online web-based
services that exist on the network.
So, using the socket interface
we've already talked about,
you can send messages, receive messages,
but it's a very bare bones interface.
It's often the case that you want
your Raspberry Pi, or your device,
whatever kind of device it is,
to talk to a service and
request service from something outside.
So somewhere else in the network because
the Rasberry Pi, it's limited right?
It's small, it can only do so much,
it only has so much information.
So, you may want to use
the Raspberry Pi as a front end, and
then send out a request to a service,
to some other server somewhere,
to do something more, more elaborate.
And then get the response
back to your Raspberry Pi.
Now you could use a socket interface for
this, but
it's much more difficult
to use that interface.
It's better if you use
the appropriate libraries and
they take care of all the details
of the network communication.
So in this module, we'll talk about using
the Raspberry Pi to access these web based
services, how to send out requests to
the service, how to get responses back.
And sort of expand the possibilities of
what you can do with your Raspberry Pi,
because you're not limited by what
the Raspberry Pi alone can do.
You can use now these external public
servers that are available for you.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]